# Simulacrum

This project is designed to be a multi-user dungeon(MUD) modeled loosley after the genre that was popular in the 1980-1990s. It is essentially an entirly text-based MMO. All major operations are done server-side, making main.java.client implementations simple. The server is really the meat and potatoes of the project.<br><br>

Story wise, the concept is pretty simple. There is a multiverse, and many of them are in trouble. Players are part of a group of individuals who go from main.java.world to main.java.world trying to stop them from being destroyed. When a player enters a main.java.world, they do so through a portal.  Portals have a limited ability to transfer information, so either they fit one player with some gear, or a couple players without anything. Players whith higher stats and levels take up more portal bandwidth. Once a main.java.world is accessed, it cannot be traveled to again until either the main.java.world has been saved or the time has elapsed, destroying the main.java.world and everything in it, including the players. Each main.java.world is an escape room if you will. Players can gain levels and experience by solving the main.java.world, but risk themselves in the process. The benefits of this model are that there are never any immersion breaking monster respawns in a main.java.world. Everything that will ever be in that main.java.world was there when it was instantiated, and that is all that will ever be in it. If a dungeon was cleared, its empty forever from then on. Each main.java.world already has an expiration date so there should be no reason for the party of players to try and beat it more than once. <br><br>

Lore wise, long ago the universe was torn asunder by a currently undecided doomsday device of some sort. Maybe vacuum decay? anyways, the universe is now a series of small, twisted up pocket universes called shards separated by almost endless expanses of limbo. One of the pocket universes contained an experimental FTL drive that now serves to create small portals to other shard worlds. Early on, the architects of the drive created a subspace mapper called the Compass. It can detect the motion of the the shards and has a limited sight into the future. It detects when a shard is close to becoming destabilized and the subsequent destruction. Players learn to utilize the Compass to detect these worlds and generate portals to them. Failed attempts just create portals to Limbo.<br><br>

Technically speaking, the server just keeps track of main.java.database files and interprets commands sent by clients as a way of interfacing with  the files. Each main.java.world is its own self-contained main.java.database file so they are relativly easy to make with a simple main.java.database file editor. No code needed. Every location, item, monster, quest, story arc, and dialog option are all stored in a single file. This allows the server to copy main.java.world files and instantiate more than one main.java.world instance at a time.
